# January 18th, 2016

**Date:** Wednesday, January 18th, 2016

**Time:** 5:00-6:00PM PST

**Location:** The Ubyssey office (room 2208 in the Nest - follow the signs!)

**Google Hangout:** https://hangouts.google.com/hangouts/_/ubyssey.ca/web-volunteers

## Agenda

1. Housekeeping
 * Slack invites
 * GitHub invites
2. Workshop
 * What will the workshop cover?
 * Who should come?
 * Where will it be held?
3. Technical update
 * Has everybody tried installing the dev environment?
4. Assignments
 * Discuss how projects/assignments are going to work
 * Overview of each project
 * Split into teams
 * Make a plan!
5. Questions

## Minutes

**Housekeeping**

It looks like not everybody is on Slack and GitHub. Email peter (peter@ubyssey.ca) or message him on Slack (@peter) to get added.

**Workshop**

The workshop is going to be on Thursday, January 19th from 5-7pm. Location TBA.

We'll be covering basic back-end and front-end web development.

**Technical update**

Only a handful of people have successfully installed the local dev environment. Everybody should try the [instructions](https://github.com/ubyssey/ubyssey-dispatch-theme/blob/staging/README.md) to see if they can get it up and running.

**Assignments**

We're going to take a team-based approach to assignments, mainly because we have so many people. 

The list of teams can be found here: https://github.com/ubyssey/volunteers/blob/master/teams.md

Choose the team(s) you're most interested in and then let Peter know which ones you want to join. If you're interested in multiple teams, it's best to choose one as your primary team.

