# January 12th, 2017

**Date:** Thursday, January 12th, 2017

**Time:** 5:00-6:00PM PST

**Location:** The Ubyssey office (room 2208 in the Nest - follow the signs!)

**Google Hangout:** https://hangouts.google.com/hangouts/_/ubyssey.ca/web-volunteers

## Agenda

1. Introductions
 * Web developer - who am I and what is my role at the paper?
 * Volunteers (what year/faculty are you in, etc)
2. Overview of the web platform
3. Ways to contribute
 * General website maintainence
 * New website features
 * Publishing platform (Dispatch)
 * Campus hub
 * Microsites
 * Experimental projects
 * Editorial projects (interactive stories, data journalism)
 * Dev ops
4. Github/Slack overview (how/why we use these platforms)
5. Steps for getting involved
 * Assignments
 * Compensation
 * Intro workshop
 * Working remotely
 * Time commitment
6. Questions
 
## Minutes

We used WordPress until a couple years ago until it became not enough to our needs, so Peter built Dispatch from scratch.

__Dispatch__

* Built on Django (Python) in like 6 months
* Hasn’t crashed once
* Has an API, hoping to build more integrations

* All updates to the site go through github

If you have any kind of skillset -- design, coding, etc -- there’s a role for you.

We need people to work on:
* General website maintenance -- generally easy stuff
* New site features -- bigger projects
* Dispatch itself -- make editors’ lives easier
* Campus hub project (future)
* Microsites -- like the Salary list
* Experimental projects -- e.g. a Messenger chatbot for news
* Editorial projects -- making stories look cool with code
* Dev ops -- recently switched to Amazon, things are interesting back there

We’re open to other ideas! We love pitches. Including story ideas! Email coordinating@ubyssey.ca or talk to Peter with story ideas.

Communication about tasks/problems happens on github so everyone can learn from each other. There’s also a Slack channel for more informal conversations/random Qs. Peter will have office hours that’ll be outlined in the follow-up email.

Assignments will be handed out on a weekly basis on Slack and github. If you take an assignment you have to complete it, but you don’t have to take any if you’re busy. No minimum commitment. Assignments will come with a complexity point scale from 1-5 -- if you ever need help or an extension, talk to Peter (he’s friendly). You can share assignments with other people

Compensation! We have a small budget for paying people. Point system corresponds to $10/point. You have to complete three problems before you start getting paid and you have to come regularly to weekly meetings (time TBA).

There’ll be a introductory web dev workshop next week.
